README.md, before:

# Hangman
Hangman is a classic game in which a player thinks of a word and the other player tries to guess that word within a certain amount of attempts.

This is an implementation of the Hangman game, where the computer thinks of a word and the user tries to guess it. 

### Table of contents:
- [Installation requirements](#installation-requirements)
- [How to run the game](#how-to-run-the-game)
- [How to play](#how-to-play)
- [File structure](#file-structure)
- [License information](#license-information)

## Installation requirements

The only requirement is a verson of Python (preferably Python 3) being installed on your computer.

## How to run the game

To run a demo of the game, enter the following line in a terminal

> python milestone.py

or use a python compiler/interpreter to run milestone.py for you.

## How to play

Currently, the game asks for a letter as an input and prints out one of two messages depending on whether the input is valid or not. More features to come.

## File structure

Placeholder for file structure once project is more developed.

## License Information

TBD

Commit message:

Creates milestone3.py, which is an upgraded version of milestone.py that doesn't halt until a valid letter is given as input, and then checks if that letter is in the randomly generated word.

README.md, after:

# Hangman
Hangman is a classic game in which a player thinks of a word and the other player tries to guess that word within a certain amount of attempts.

This is an implementation of the Hangman game, where the computer thinks of a word and the user tries to guess it. 

### Table of contents:
- [Installation requirements](#installation-requirements)
- [How to run the game](#how-to-run-the-game)
- [How to play](#how-to-play)
- [File structure](#file-structure)
- [License information](#license-information)

## Installation requirements

The only requirement is a verson of Python (preferably Python 3) being installed on your computer.

## How to run the game

To run a demo of the game, enter the following line in a terminal

> python milestone.py

or use a python compiler/interpreter to run milestone.py for you.

## How to play

Currently, the game keeps asking for a letter as an input until a valid input is given. Then it prints out one of two messages depending on whether the letter is inside the word generated by the computer (case-insensitive).

More features to come.

## File structure

Placeholder for file structure once project is more developed.

## License Information

TBD
